# E-portfolio<br />

Link: https://github.com/Carter-leis/Carter-leis.github.io <br />
Includes 4 projects: Personal Website, Hug The Angry Karen, TommieCoin, and Branch App Analysis.<br />
Hug The Angry Karen, TommieCoin, and Branch App Analysis in projects folder.

## Reflection:<br />
  This e-portfolio helps with one of the greates problems that a student has when finishing thier college experience. This problem is to find a job that one enjoys and will succeed at in thier future. This portfolio will be able to show future employers what I have enjoyed doing and that I can be successful while pursueing this. Each of these projects that I have done and what tools/languages that I have used, builds on my experience that I have gained in computer science and data analytic fields. One of the St. Thomas values that these projects show is the pursuit of truth. Each of the projects have built my knowledge in many different ways some of which are learning different coding languages, analytical methods and interpertation, and overall knowledge and understanding of newly created things. These projects have taught me that learning is an enjoyable and life long habit that one should have. Being to be able to make one's self better through knowledge is a habit that each person should have. Another value that this portfolio shows is gratitude. Being able to complete these projects and over come the different struggles that each of them had is a reward like non-other. In each of these projects I had individual goals that I was hoping to achieve and in each of them I achieved that goal. This taught me that the goals that I create for my self are achievable even if it doesn't seem like it at times. I am glad that these projects have been so rewarding and it will help me see that future projects that I have can be just as rewarding or even more.
  
## Personal Website:<br />
  My personal website was a project I could use to show potential employers who I was and some of the things that I have done in college. This project included the projects listed below as downloadable items and a description of what they were. Another feature of this webiste was that there is a page with my resume for employers to see where I have worked. Included in this page are links for each individual companies website that employers can go to. There is also two pages that tell viewers a little about my self personaly and some goals that I want to achieve.

## Hug The Angry Karen:<br />
  Hug The Angry Karen is a game that I created for a class during my sophmore year. There is two different characters in this game that have different functions. The user has there own character and have to go around the board to find the hidden boss character and capture it. The boss would leave traps around the board where it went, causing the user to be stuck for some time. The tricky part to this game is that the boss and the traps will be hidden behind tiles until the user moves over that tile. Once the user has gone to that tile and moved away, it would then be visible to the user whatever moved or was placed on that tile. Once the user captured the boss, the game would be over.

## TommieCoin:<br />
  Tommie coin is a project that was to model what a crypto currency was and the functionality of it. We had to create different transactions that the user could use. The transactions were: pay, mine, and show balance. The mine transaction was by far the best part, we had to write code that would solve a puzzle before another user to create more coins. The pay transaction allowed for a user to give coins to another user as long as they had enough coins that they were wanting to pay. The show balance transaction would add all of the past transaction (mine, and pay) of each user and then show the total amount for those users.
  
## Branch App Analysis:<br />
  For this project we had to anaylze and make a prediction for the Branch app company. This company helps users with schedueling and cash flow issues. What they do is give a portion of the users pay check early then have the user pay them back with a certain amount of interest. We came up with three different payment options for Branch app to maximize thier profits: fixed payment, percentage based, and a monthly fee. The fixed payment was a set fee that would be included in each of the requests. The percentage based fee would add on 1-1.08% of what the request dollar amount was to what the user has to pay Branch App back. The last payment option and by far the best option was a monthly fee for users who are using branch app. With a monthly fee of 8.48 dollars, Branch app would significantly increase there total revenue.
